hello fellow hopper students my name is
Gigi and welcome back to another video
on my channel so for today's video I am
going to be talking about something that
is that I've been trying to avoid
talking about for quite a while now
I know that I'm in no in no way I am I
have the right to do this but I feel
like I really need to share this with
every one of you so we all know about
bullying how bad it is how it can really
affect someone's life and and in my case
I've been on both side of the scales I
have been the bully and then after that
I was bullied myself so yeah so to start
it off I'm just going to say this video
might be quite a long one because it is
basically a story time to you all ish so
please do stick around and yeah
so when I say I was a bully basically a
couple years back on my last year
primary basically means great 600 years
six I made some horrible decisions in
life I remember I started off saying
that let's finish primary with the bangs
let's finish it
I'm good no let's finish it with
something big and I think at that time
because well I'm not going to make names
in this but I think that the people that
I knew and the people that I did this
with I think we were just kids I don't
think we really thought it would have
brought anything big to us even though
we were 11 or some of us were 12 but
yeah either way so the year started off
actually quite well like it's like every
other year I'm with some of my friends
we're in the same class and all that and
then at the beginning of every year we
have a camp
and in camp I was roomed with a girl and
I decided to play a prank on her
so I accidentally spilled water on her
bed like it's just for fun and she
wasn't coming back to the room Andie's
sooner
so they spilled like at accident please
put some water on her bed it was really
messed up I'm gonna try really hard not
to be emotional about this but either
way it's got some water in her bed I
thought was gonna be fun and I thought
was going to dry by the time she comes
back and when she did come back well she
thought I spelled cream soda on her bed
and stuff like that teachers got a drag
dad my parents got dragged in so yeah so
basically after that I tried to I tried
my best to stay out of trouble but it
was quite hard about well after that I
think throughout the first half of the
year nothing else happened but when the
second half of the year rolled around I
think that some of my friends just
thought it would be funny it wouldn't
really hurt anyone so they decide to
start this YouTube channel about this
girl in high school I'm so sorry if I'm
mentioning this right now I'm so sorry
but they opened a YouTube channel they
invited me to help and I was just like
sure why not
it's not like it's going to harm anyone
much wouldn't it it's just for fun and
stuff I think that was once things
started going downhill I think every
once in a while we would just make there
were four of us and the four of us would
just like make videos every once in a
while and we would just imitate her
voice we would just imitate her voice
and then be like oh and we're gonna be
doing this and then we would do
something stupid we would make her look
really bad better that we did we did
that we made these videos and people in
our school just kept watching them I
thought was funny and finally I remember
the girl after like a couple of months I
think she's had enough yeah and we by
doing that we were trying to clay
cyberbullying her we were making fun of
her on the Internet
you know we were pretending to be her
and yeah we technically did that and in
the end the teacher found out we got in
big trouble you know what happens when
someone gets found out for bullying but
I didn't stop there and one time there
was this girl that I would go home with
and I really didn't like her at that
time I had two of my other friends with
me and they also didn't really like her
as well so then she started and that
girl it was just another girl now she
would talk about things you would try to
keep give us life life is lessons she
would try to teach us stuff and she
would yeah
and that really annoy me and to my
friends and one time she tried to get
all up on us our faces with that so I
think one of us decided to shut her down
and after that but soon after the two of
us that would just
just there we just joined in and we were
on the train we were nice school
uniforms
we were verbally bullying her we said a
lot about things we were saying a lot
about things to her and some people that
were on the train they film it down they
sent it to her school and yeah basically
nice listening rundown and yeah at that
time I still didn't really think I did
anything bad I think it was really
stupid of me to do that right now if I'm
looking back at it I would have never
done it if play I would have never done
it I've known how badly it would have
affected them and that's basically the
first part I
now on to the second part I said that I
was bullied and that part actually start
started about this year or so
so before like before I got bullied
myself I knew that how do I put this I
knew I did something bad
back when I was younger bullying someone
but I didn't really see the whole cause
I didn't see the whole effect on what
little bit what it would have had on
that person but then earlier this year I
think earlier this year like well I'm
not gonna give you the exact time but
it's around this year a bit earlier
that's it some people this video I
thought was funny they found some old
photos of me for to me as a kid and they
place the the pop social media they sent
it to their friends and stuff like that
and after that their own friend to just
go searching me and and then they would
they some of them found my Instagram
some yeah
meaning everyone just found my Instagram
account and from there they just I got a
number of DM saying that you're fat you
should just go die you're ugly you
should you just like I don't know it was
really harsh they just kept saying how
I'm fat I'm ugly I should just go kill
myself I don't deserve to live I
shouldn't even be here and stuff like
that and it was really hurtful
I felt really attacked I felt
I felt attacked and I didn't I didn't
feel happy about it I was really upset
about it and I think at one point it got
so much that I started believing in it
tried to ignore them at first I tried
you just say like it's nothing it's just
people trying to get in my head and
stuff but then a while after it's
starting so overwhelming and stuff I
couldn't handle it I broke down and
stuff that hurt me a lot and I think
that taught me two things that actually
taught me like and when it did click
like my mindset clicked into thee do the
motor I couldn't handle anything anymore
I think that must have been what it felt
like for those two girls that I bullied
back then and then that just added even
more stress hum to myself I just kept
crying it couldn't stop I felt really
bad about I didn't want shiny wanna the
first I thought would be bothering
people if I told anyone I would sound
like I thought I would sound like a kid
if I want to help went for help but it
became so bad I talked to a couple of my
closest friends I talked to my closest
friend
I've asked one of the girls that I
bullied about that we are now really
good friends and I'm really thankful for
that it went to her I asked her what it
what should I do
she told me to tell my parents I didn't
want to I didn't want to do that at all
I didn't feel like doing it but then
after that
she told me that it is it is better I
like things would be better if you did
tell your parents so I think it took a
while to convince me to do that I did
that and after that I took I talked to
my parents and I think my parents helped
me handle things handled like everything
like they didn't really handle
everything but because a person that was
bullying me
I knew that person it's someone that I
know so and my parents know that know is
their parents so I think my parents live
here it's just did something I'm not
sure what they didn't tell me and they
wouldn't tell me so they did something
and after that it did stop yeah
I would sandwich I was actually with the
agent go all the way down I know like I
now know how bad bullying can hurt
someone
yeah I think it's
horrible to have to endure being bullied
and it hurts a lot to be bullied it
really does sleep it really did open my
eyes if you need to make me realize like
why think how bad the consequences of
hurting someone
it really did open my eyes a lot
and it it just hurts me nowadays like I
can I see videos all over YouTube I see
photos tweets all over social media on
the internet they see that every day
someone is still bound to get bullied
because cuz because they are not what
other people think they are like not
what the others pictured them to be I
realized that if you're if you are a
bully and you're watching this please
think of what you're doing think if are
you doing this just for fun are you
doing this because you have nothing to
do are you doing this because you
thought it wouldn't cause much damage
like I did if you're watching this and
you're a bully and you think that me
nothing well nothing wrong will happen
to them me and probably probably she's
just exaggerating about this but like so
it's their problem
like if you're that kind of bully that's
watching this video please stop I'm
sorry I know this is really really
really this is really like it doesn't
sound real but trust me it does happen
bullying is a huge thing bullying her
actually hurts a lot of people not
kidding it and seriously if you're a
bully and you're watching this please
stop bullying whoever you're bullying
you could be causing a lot of damage in
their life you could be hurting them
more than they're already hurt like just
please stop and if you do come if anyone
does come across this video please share
it to your friends
please help stop bullying
so yeah I think that is all I'm gonna
say for this video and yeah thank you
guys all for watching and I'll see you
guys all in my next video